All right, so
now let's address these errors.
And so I'm going to try to
fix these in real time.
And let's, and
the reason why I want to do this because
you're going to run into this I run into
this all the time is you start coding and
then also this is like I
don't know what to do.
So let's go to the courses component.
And it's saying no provider for
HTTP client.
So if we go into our courses component,
Rather, I wanted to do the spec Here.
You'll notice that,
this trace this out real quick.
So, In our courses component,
we're pulling into courses service.
The courses service,
has a dependency, on HTTP client.
And so now, Angular is trying
to spin up this component,
that has a dependency on a service,
that has a dependency on another service.
And so there's a couple ways to fix this.
So one way to fix this is to import
the HTTP client module.
And I think this is actually
import HTTP client module.
And so if I save this,
then this should service or make that
particular HTTP client that
instance available to the test.
So now you'll notice here let
me just double down, because
Yeah, so, since gone now
let's look at course details.
So I can just run through and I can
fix some of these problems right away.
So this is part of this is just
getting your dependencies satisfied.
So imports.
I believe it's forms module.
Let's go to the courses service.
I think it was angry there.
And if we go into the spec here,
that finger testing module, so
we're missing this here, not a problem.
We'll leave this low for just a second.
This back here and cannot read property
ID of undefined, not a problem.
What I really wanted to point
out is that we basically that,
by satisfying that module,
it's now able to render, and
it's just simply saying,
I don't know what the idea is.
So there's trying to render it and
it's like I don't know what to do with id.
But we did satisfy that dependency.
And so I'm gonna leave this here for
just a moment and Instead of
Going into and importing the,
I'm gonna do, yes, we'll start here.
So in our courses, component specs,
let me just close all the others.
We're injecting this HTTP client module.
But really, what I want to do
is because for unit tests,
you don't want to spend something up and
have to actually have to make calls
to the remote server that's
not the point of that.
And so now,
what you have is this concept of
basically mocks and stubs.
And so what you can do is you can just
create and so I'm going to delete this.
Instead of importing this is we
know that our courses component
relies on, so let me pull this back up.
It relies on this courses service.
And so what I can do is instead,
I can create A stub for this,
so I can just go const And we'll go
Courses service stub, and
generally I'll start with
just an empty object.
And then what you can do is say because
we really want to test our component,
we don't need to test everything
down the road is we'll go here and
then within our test module,
we're going to say,
I want to provide this to this module.
But instead of using the real courses,
service I want to use value.
CoursesServiceStub.
And so what this does is it's
just going to override that and
we're going to use a stub.
So let's save this and
let's see what happens.
So if we go back into our testbed.
Course services and so
that is actually let me refresh this,
I may have just broke this.
Disconnect, there we go.
All right, so You'll see here and
this is what I wanted to pull out.
So this courses component
should create but
this course services all
is not a function perfect.
And so now what we'll do is we
can come back into here and
We'll just add on this object.
Typically what I'll do is just
like a no op function, so
it just doesn't do anything.
So let's save this again.
Go back into our testbed,
And if we go down here.
It's saying OK, but
subscribe is undefined,
and so we just need to continue
to kind of stub this out.
Because if we go back into our code here,
you'll see that, and of course,
this component in the HTTP call
itself is it returns essentially,
something that you could like
an object that you can then subscribe.
And so, we'll go back into here and
let's just take a step at this.
So I'm just kind of mocking out,
Another no op.
There we go.
And so when we call all this going to
return an object that then you can call
subscribe on.
All right.
And so you can see here,
we still have kind of these work
like Layton tests, but more importantly,
what I wanted to call out is that
it's as you start to focus on
testing on something in isolation,
one of the best ways to do
that is using a mock or stub.